.TH CRETEM 1 "August 2024" "Version 1.0" "CRETEM MANUAL"
.SH NAME
cretem \- A utility to create template files for Java, C++, and C programs.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B cretem
[\fB\-j \fIFILENAME\fR] [\fB\-p \fIFILENAME\fR] [\fB\-c \fIFILENAME\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
The \fBcretem\fR command creates template files for Java, C++, and C programs, based on the option provided. The created file is automatically opened in the \fBvi\fR editor for editing.
.PP
If the wrong number of arguments or an incorrect option is provided, the script will display usage instructions and refer to this man page.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-j \fIFILENAME\fR
Create a Java template file with the specified \fIFILENAME\fR and open it in \fBvi\fR.
.TP
\fB\-p \fIFILENAME\fR
Create a C++ template file with the specified \fIFILENAME\fR and open it in \fBvi\fR.
.TP
\fB\-c \fIFILENAME\fR
Create a C template file with the specified \fIFILENAME\fR and open it in \fBvi\fR.
.TP
\fB\?\fR
Show usage instructions and refer to this man page.
.SH USAGE
.TP
To create a Java file template:
.B cretem \-j MyClass
.TP
To create a C++ file template:
.B cretem \-p MyProgram
.TP
To create a C file template:
.B cretem \-c MyCProgram
.TP
If incorrect options or no options are provided:
.B cretem
.SH EXIT STATUS
The \fBcretem\fR command exits with a status of 0 if the command was successful. If an error occurs, it exits with a status greater than 0.
.SH EXAMPLES
Create a Java file named \fIMyClass.java\fR:
.B cretem \-j MyClass
.PP
Create a C++ file named \fIMyProgram.cpp\fR:
.B cretem \-p MyProgram
.PP
Create a C file named \fIMyCProgram.c\fR:
.B cretem \-c MyCProgram
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Neeraj Manivarnan.
.SH BUGS
No known bugs. Please report any bugs to neerajmanivarnan@gmail.com.
.SH SEE ALSO
.B bash(1)


